Add dataset has, size and matches matchers (#19)
rubensworks/jest-rdf: README.md

expect([namedNode('t1'), namedNode('t2')]).toEqualRdfTermArray([namedNode('t2'), namedNode('t3')]);
```

#### toBeRdfDatasetContaining

> Check if a dataset contains one or more quads.

Reviewer: Could you mention here that any number of quads can be passed, and that *all* of these quads must be present in the dataset before the test passes? (as opposed to just one of the given quads)

```js
const q1 = quad(namedNode('s1'), namedNode('p1'), namedNode('o1'), namedNode('g1'));
const q2 = quad(namedNode('s2'), namedNode('p2'), namedNode('o2'), namedNode('g2'));
const d = dataset([q1, q2]);

> expect(d).toBeRdfDatasetContaining(q1, q2);

Reviewer: Perhaps you can also add `expect(d).toBeRdfDatasetContaining(q1);` here as an example, to show that any number of quads can be entered.

```

#### toBeRdfDatasetMatching

> Check if a dataset contains a certain number of matching quads (default 1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if a dataset contains *exactly* the given amount of matching quads (default 1).
```

Reviewer: To clarify that it is an `==`, not a `>=`.
